participle
form
passive participle
active participle
present participle
future active participle
perfect passive participle
future passive participle
variant
past participle
diminutive
contraction
compound
shortening
infinitive
alteration
plural
present active participle
abbreviation
inflected form
spelling
active infinitive
present active infinitive
reduplication
pronunciation
short form
feminine form
corruption
singular
derivative
etymology
shortened form
feminine
given name
modified form
stem
root
translation
diminutive form
romanization
genitive
voice
passive form
passive voice
causative
plural form
spelling variant
verbal noun
variation
alternative form
clipping
equivalent
comparative
calque
action noun
perfect participle
blend
nominalization
substantivisation
vernacular form
initialism
adverbial form
composed
singular form
inflection
extension
acronym
transliteration
neuter
imitative
combining form
intensive form
modification
cognate
perfect active participle
respelling
pet form
dialectal variant
derivation
neuter form
variant form
accusative
medieval diminutive
frequentative
reduplicated form
causative form
adaptation
passive
substantivization
reduced form
noun use
dialectal form
misspelling
accusative singular
medieval diminutive form
gerund
superlative
genitive singular
participle stem
conjugated form
under the influence
regularly declined forms
imitation
ablative
initials
declined form
negative form
capitalization
alternative spelling
rare spelling variant
adessive
allative
intrusive form
substantive
substantive form
contracted form
genitive form
adjective form
genericization
dative
nominative form
variant spelling
hispanicized spelling
nominative plural form
indicative
elision
clipped form
written form
epithet
noun form
definite form
neuter plural
modern variant
regularly declined form
feminine past participle
past passive participle
masculine form
deverbal
transcription
phonetic spelling
tense form
doublet
locative
verb form
fanciful spelling
instance
translative
archaic form
instrumental case
conjugation
founder
interpretation
reanalysis
hypocoristic form
abbreviated form
variety
augmentative
descendant
tense
older form
adessive plural
standard spelling
anagram
misreading
first syllable
first letter
participle form
allative plural
non standard spelling
illative
mediopassive
ablative singular
genitive plural
anglicisation
reflex
composition
nominalized form
continuative form
comparative form
locative case
literal translation
past participle stem
nominalisation
essive
inessive
neuter singular
extended form
rare variant
reflexive form
present tense form
mispronunciation
simplification
homophone
deverbative
imperative form
colloquial form
back formation
catholic epithet
roman catholic epithet
modern fanciful spelling
lative
iotation
aphetic form
pinyin romanization
dialectal pronunciation
common spelling
corrupted form
medieval variant
dative singular
medieval vernacular form
rare non standard spelling
hispanicization
attributive form
lative case
regular causative
causative formation
synonym
apocope
conflation
case form
agent noun
accusative form
emphatic form
conjugated forms
feminine equivalent
shortened version
instrumental singular
singularized plural
less common spelling
anglicization
assimilation
surnames
backslang
nonstandard spelling
original meaning
present indicative
inflected forms
dative form
genitive singular form
plural present tense form
perfect
separative
pronunciation spelling
original form
infinitive form
adjectival form
brand name
neutral form
fossiled genitive form
borrowing
present
alternation
suffix
portmanteau
transformation
phonetic respelling
past tense
collateral form
latinate variant
former name
phonetic rendering
instructive plural
conversion
misunderstanding
euphemism
elative
apocopic form
plural forms
future participle
feminine plural
reverse spelling
inessive plural
neuter plural form
regular causative formation
syncope
substantivation
duplication
initial clipping
later form
simplified form
substantive use
feminine singular
short forms
genitive plural form
intensive
voices
substitution
initial
diminutives
analogy
ancestor
metaphor
augmentation
colloquial pronunciation
conjunctive form
assimilated form
fanciful variant
archaic spelling
euphemistic alteration
deliberate misspelling
dialect spelling
nominative plural
euphemistic form
spoken form
sublative case
nominal form
substantivized neuter
reversive form
diminutive reduplication
regularly conjugated form
medieval short form
standardization
misconstruction
illustrative
instrumental
pluralization
figurative use
altered spelling
prefix form
alternate form
medieval contraction
ablative form
anglicized form
common form
dative plural
archaic variant
under influence
illative plural
illative singular
proper noun
ablative plural
prefixal derivative
adnominal form
past participle form
less common form
20th century variant
passive past participle
fossilized instrumental singular
passive verb form
roots
repetition
latinization
inversion
reshaping
pronunciations
partitive
decomposition
compounding
analects
weak form
latinized form
person form
participial stem
gheg variant
accusative plural
stem variant
female form
comparative degree
allative singular
masculine plural
intended sense
old form
irregular romanization
separative case
passive voices
feminine singular form
modern spelling variant
after the name
present passive participle
combining form derivative